♪ It seems today
that all you see ♪
♪ Is violence in movies
and sex on TV ♪
♪ But where are those
good old-fashioned values ♪
On which we used to rely? ♪
Lucky there's a family guy ♪
♪ Lucky there's a man
who positively can do ♪
All the things that make us ♪
Laugh and cry ♪
♪ He's... a...
Fam... ily... Guy! ♪
Dinnertime, everyone.
You know what I'm craving?
Lobster.
Your lobster today
is Dinty Moore stew
from a can too dented
to risk on people.
What does "Dinty" even mean?
Is it an adjective or a guy?
Or a contraction, like,
"Boy, he really screwed up
that meal, din't he?"
I mean, Dinty Moore?
How about Dinty Less, right?
Gold. All of this.
I'll get it.
It might be Jabberjaw.
Uh, you kids don't
remember Jabberjaw,
but your father very badly
wants to meet Jabberjaw.
It came! My hammock came!
Yay, you brought loud energy
into the dining room!
Why did you get
a hammock, Peter?
Well, the year 2020
was a terrible year
for the Corona beer company,
so they had to sell off
all their TV commercial hammocks.
And owning a hammock from TV
has always been
my third-biggest dream.
- My first big...
- Meet Jabberjaw.
Okay, you know about Jabberjaw.
And then my other dream
is to be an NFL referee.
It's good, it's good.
The-the-the kick was good.
Hammock life is the best life, Chris.
Yeah, you clearly wanted
to be seen lying in a hammock,
so I'm glad
I could do that for you.
Now, to drink lemonade
with a southern drawl.
Chip, chip,
guv'nor. Shrimp on the barbie.
You sound like Colonel Sanders.
- Damn it.
- Oh, no.
The neighbor's sprinkler
ruined whatever this is.
Not so fast, Chris.
I don't give up that easy.
Good for you, Dad.
Go knock on the neighbor's door
and have a mildly
uncomfortable conversation.
I give up.
Peter, uh, we can't start
until you start.
I'm sorry, gang, I'm just so mad
at my backyard neighbor.
- What's the problem?
- He's got a sprinkler
going nuts and spraying
on my property.
I just don't know what to do.
Hang on while I close
this law book
and return it to a shelf
of law books.
Have you been injured
in an accident?
Man, I hope so. I'm Brick Baker.
My mama didn't raise no dummy.
And I'm here to get you money.
That almost rhymes.
My specialities are
contract law
and kicking bitch ass for you.
Also probate.
You trip and fall?
Got a dog bite?
You used baby powder on
your vagina, you crazy person?
Well, if you haven't,
start doing it.
Brick Baker's getting you paid.
Ha! You need hot, fresh justice,
so call da Baker.
I said I wasn't wearing that!
Maybe you should
hire that lawyer
to sue the problem neighbor
you got.
Hey, great idea, Cleveland.
I loved his little judge hammer.
Gavel, it's called.
N-N-N-N-N-Now, because this
is a regional commercial,
it's gonna end
just a half a second too early.
But remember, call 22...
Mr. Griffin,
I've reviewed your complaint,
and I think you have
an excellent case.
- That's great.
- N-N-N-N-N-Now, can I tell you something off the record?
"Live At Birdland,
Art Blakey Quartet,
Blue Note Records, 1957."
Okay, I can see that I came
to the right lawyer.
N-N-N-Now, I just need
to file a brief.
Yeah, this-this is gonna
work out. I want to hire you.
Excellent. Let me just
type up your filing.
Name: Peter Griffin.
Favorite WNBA Team--
that's a weird second question.
I'll put "Dallas Wings."
Home address...
Wait, you live
at 31 Spooner Street?
Yeah, cross street: Forker Lane.
Out in Cutlery Estates.
Is that a problem?
Um, nope. No problem.
I got you, Peter Griffin.
When we goes to court,
I will be right there with you.
Just like I say
on my local cable commercial,
"With Brick by your side,
you can't..."
Thanks for helping me find
a lobster roll truck
on Instagram, Stewie.
Eh, I just wish
we didn't have to go
to this stupid,
gentrified waterfront.
This place was so much better
when it sucked
and we never came here.
Well, here's our
lobster roll truck.
Uh, hey, guys?
You're cutting in line.
It starts back there.
What? No.
All I wanted was just
some decent lobster.
You know, Bri, they're right
out there, up for grabs.
We should just go
straight to the source.
What are you even suggesting,
Stewie?
That we, what, we get a lobster
boat and be lobstermen?
Yeah.
Hey, Peter, where's the
defendant? And where's Brick?
Sorry I'm late. I had to make
these small desserts
change their ways.
Ha. Tort reform.
Anyway, let's get this started.
Wha-- Why are you
standing there?
You're supposed to be over here,
suing my neighbor.
Uh, Peter, I am your neighbor.
You're my neighbor?
You're the defendant?
And I'm the courtroom
sketch artist?
I drew a Far Side.
I hire you to sue my neighbor,
and you don't tell me
you're my neighbor?
- That's so unethical.
- Whoa.
I may not have gone
to Harvard Law School,
and I don't even know
if you keep track
of who went to Harvard
Law School...
- I don't.
- ...but I did not go to Harvard Law School
just to have my integrity questioned.
But you said you'd be my lawyer.
Did I, Peter? Think back.
I really want you to think back
really quickly.
Peter, we could've had fun,
but I died.
Yeesh. I-I don't want
to think anymore for a while.
Gentlemen, the jury's waiting.
Your Honor,
you got to understand,
I thought I had a lawyer,
but now...
Very well.
I'll grant a continuance
and just enter into the court
record that you're a chicken.
Wait, what?
It's perfectly routine.
I just note that Peter Griffin
has to run and hide
behind his lawyer daddy.
What-- n-no.
I don't need a lawyer.
I'm gonna beat Brick Baker
all on my own.
But I don't got
an opening statement.
Ooh. I move
for a five-minute recess.
- I'm worried for Peter.
- I'll say.
Brick Baker's gonna win, easy.
Look, he's leaned back
with his feet up,
confidently whistling.
He's, uh, he's not very good
at whistling,
but he's doing the other stuff.
I can't believe
we're doing this.
We're actually going
lobster fishing.
Our way of life
is disappearing, Bri.
Stewie, we got the boat
20 minutes ago. Settle down.
How'd we get the boat, anyway?
Traded it for opioids from
a working-class New Englander
- hooked on opioids.
- Huh.
All right, well, I got
lobster pots, trammel nets,
buoys, chum, rope,
flotation gear and a radio.
- What do you got?
- Opioids.
Stewie, stop screwing around
and give me those opioids
and go get me some more opioids.
Uh, let me check
on Rupert first.
Rupert, how you doing
with that double sheet bend?
Okay, apparently I said
"half hitch" or whatever.
- I don't even know why you brought him.
- Let's not talk about it.
He gets so jealous
when you and I hang out.
Well, tell him he doesn't
have anything to worry about.
He doesn't?
Mr. Griffin, this has been
a huge waste of time.
I hereby find for the defendant,
effective as of the moment
I slam down
my gavel uninterrup...
Wait! Your Honor, we have
evidence relevant to this case.
Who are you?
And what kind of evidence?
I'm an HOA dick,
and I found bylaws proving
that Brick used his sprinklers
on incorrect Tuesdays.
I'm a cop, and I'm gonna
suspiciously turn off
my body cam, in case
something sketchy goes down.
And I found Quahog's original
survey maps,
proving that Brick's sprinklers
aren't even on his own property.
What?
The town surveyor
was being pestered by a bee,
so the property lines
were all twisty-turny.
Oh, that's why
his statue's like that.
Well, this is more than enough
evidence for cartoon court.
I find for the plaintiff.
- Yeah!
- We did it!
Talk about "all rise." Giggity!
G-G-I-T-Y.
Yeah, there's-there's no Ds
in "giggity."
Three hours of lobster fishing
and nothing.
You shouldn't have dumped
all my Percocets in the water.
Now the lobsters are just down
there hanging out
and defrauding the government
for disability checks.
Should we drop our traps
somewhere else?
- Like where?
- I don't know, maybe we try David Harbour.
It's that harbor nobody even
heard of until three years ago,
and now all of a sudden
it's huge.
Eh, we could try Michael Bay.
Although I hear that bay
was mean to Megan Fox.
Maybe Roger Waters?
- George Strait?
- Billy Ocean?
- Ricki Lake?
- River Phoenix?
How are those celebrity
water puns working out?
- Welp, this has been a bust.
- Sea Thomas Howell?
Anyway,
your guys' were good, too.
Uhp, we're due
for an eight-second squall.
I got to go have
an overacting scene
where I curse God
in a boat storm.
Strike me down, you coward.
I have big feelings
about weather.
The storm symbolizes my madness.
This is worth it for fish.
Well, Rupert, clear one
BAFTA's-worth of space
on the trophy shelf.
Rupert?
Rupert.
No!
How did he sink so fast?
He might h-have
a string of metal balls
- uh, hidden within?
- What?
We've been together
a long time, Brian.
We have to do things
to keep it fresh.
Hey there, company.
Hey, brother. Wakanda forever.
- Oh, I don't know.
- What do you want, Brick?
Just came to congratulate you.
Thought I'd be the bigger man.
Bigger man?
You been talking to Lois?
She doesn't measure
from the right spot.
So, no hard feelings?
You have been talking to Lois.
Listen, the moral
of the story is this:
watching you all in the court
today, I realized something.
I may have a fancy law degree
and a phone number
with all twos in it...
...but, Peter, you have friends.
And no one can ever take them
away from you.
He said that weird.
And I bought you a gift:
four tickets
to today's matinee performance
of Surfin' Bird:
An American Musical.
- Awesome!
- Live theater!
We'll get to see
Law & Order extras onstage!
Live stage plays are so great.
I hope there's a gentle jibe
about Republicans
so we can have a smug laugh.
You gentlemen
are in the front row.
- Aw, sweet.
- Oh, but not you, sir.
You're all the way back
in the very top.
- What?
- Yeah, just keep going up until you see three corpses in parkas.
♪ Bird, bird,
well, the bird is the word ♪
♪ A-well, a bird, bird, bird,
b-bird's the word... ♪
Man, this sucks.
The stage is so way down there,
the sound doesn't even travel
this far.
The whole show's just being
relayed by some New York mook.
Uh, they're saying everybody's
heard about the bird.
And it goes on, and so forth.
Okay, now they're saying
what the word is.
Bird. It's bird.
Well, may as well
take a terrible,
faraway stage picture
that I'll never look at again.
♪ Bird, bird, bird,
b-bird's the word ♪
♪ A-well, a bird,
bird, bird... ♪
Aw, Cleveland, Joe and Quagmire
are having such a good time.
♪ A-well, a bird, bird,
b-bird's the word... ♪
With Brick?
Bird, bird, bird... ♪
Crap, now they're getting
pulled up
onstage to sing together.
Surely they won't be given
inflatable electric guitars.
Oh! They're being given
Oh, man, and now the early
reviews are coming in.
A-well, a bird ♪
Surfin' bird... ♪
It's, it's like Brick Baker has
taken my friends away from me.
Now what's this?
An unsolicited email from
a local mom I have a crush on?
"Hi, Peter, it's Judy,
just thinking of you.
"I've joined the team
at North Star Realty,
and if you're ever thinking
of selling your home..."
Well, that's disappointing.
Jabberjaw?
Brick, get in the photo,
you old so-and-so.
"Old so-and-so" is my nickname.
Hey, Peter.
Look who decided to drop by.
Hey, why so glum,
you old so-and-so?
All right, that's it.
You like hanging out
with Brick? Fine.
I don't need you guys.
You people are backstabbers.
Like Stabby McBackerson.
Honey? Lee Harvey?
Dinner's on the table.
Well, when can you take a break?
Okay, that's a mix-up.
That was, uh,
that was Lee Harvey Oswald
working from home.
We have to save Rupert.
We have to.
I know, Stewie, but look.
Our only chance is if
he's up here
on the Phoebe Waller-Ridge.
We'll never reach him
if he's fallen down into
the Lin-Manuel Mariana Trench.
Also, Harrison Fjord.
Or-or yours.
Y-Yours are good, too.
And just like that,
Rupert sank forever
into the inky deep.
Also, did you know
that the ocean is
40% fish whiz?
All this and more
on West's Wonders.
Okay, top five racks
in '90s movies. Go.
I'll bite. Maggie Smith,
Death on the Nile.
Right rack, wrong decade.
Who's next?
What the hell is he doing?
His friends ditched him
for Brick Baker,
so he's trying to recreate
the friend experience with us.
- What? No.
- Also, he's still butthurt
'cause Judy from down the street
sent him an email,
- but it was for her realty business, so...
- Okay, that's enough!
Forget this.
I thought it'd be nice
hanging with family,
but it's a disaster.
Like Lee Harvey Oswald
working from home.
This is the tenth one
of these this month.
What do you think,
Detective McBackerson?
Yeah, no, they seem unrelated
and random,
and probably accidents?
What was that?
That was "someone's getting
fired," is what that was.
What are you doing, Brian?
We have to go back.
Stewie, it's over.
Rupert's fallen way too deep.
We can't get to him.
But he's my friend.
We can't just leave him there.
I'm afraid we have to, Stewie.
Even if he is muling
your marital aids.
You know what?
I don't care what you do.
I'm going back to save Rupert.
Fine. Go ahead and try.
You'll be back in one minute.
That's just enough time for me
to remember the name
of the main guy in
That Thing You Do.
Let's see, it was
a three-name guy.
Uh, Paul... Paul Michael Scott?
Thomas?
Okay, I just need to go
through every combination
of Scott, Michael and Thomas,
and I'll get it.
Uh, no, wait, Boo, Boo?
Boopy Rafferty?
Boop-- No? Bachman? Todd.
Bachman Todd!
That Thing You Do,
starring Tom Hanks
and Bachman Todd!
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, I see the poster now.
Whew. What a relief.
Okay, mystery solved.
Oh...
Yeah! All right!
Stupid Brick and
the stupid guys.
Probably doing lame stuff.
Wow, this is the longest
Slip 'N Slide in the world.
N-N-N-N-Now, hold up.
Remember the rule.
Before you slide on it,
you gots to yell out
who you miss right now.
Nobody! Whee!
I got to get my friends back.
All right.
Guys, wait.
- Peter?
- Why you hanging out with Brick?
Sure, he may be cool and smart,
but he doesn't know you
like I do.
How do you mean?
I know all about you guys.
Quagmire, you like a beer
from time to time.
And, Cleveland, you don't mind
a cold one after work.
And you, Joe, you like to relax
with an ice-cold beer.
Wow, he really does know us.
What do you say?
Let's get out of here
and be friends again.
- I think you guys should go with him.
- Huh?
I've had fun
with your crew, Peter,
but the truth is,
this whole time,
all they talked about was you.
They did? Li-Like what?
Something about a bet they had
that you won't live
past the age of 50.
You guys.
They noticed you had
your hand in your pants
the whole time
during the Magic Mike.
Only a friend would know that.
They also said you don't know
how to tie your shoes.
You just mash the laces inside.
I do that for time.
So go on, guys,
Peter's your friend.
I'm just some dude on the block.
It's okay.
You're right, Brick.
Because if there's anything
we've learned
after all these years
with Peter, it's...
Stay tuned for
That Thing You Do,
starring Tom Hanks
and Bachman Todd.
BRIAN
Aha! I knew it.
Well, Peter, I'm glad
everything's back to normal,
and you got your friends back.
But I feel like you
got off on the wrong foot
- with our new neighbor.
- You're right, Lois.
I'm gonna go take care
of that right now.
Brick, I just want
to apologize
for how things got
started between us.
I can see that
you're a good guy,
and I want to welcome you
to the neighborhood.
What? I was just practicing.